Chloe Lannert: So.
Dave Scott: I know nothing other than I'm like, 6 months ahead of you guys.
Dave Scott: But Chloe asked me to come in and talk to you guys about networking, because I think that she observed that I was a relentless networker. And
Dave Scott: I took. I took advantage of literally every opportunity to meet people and to to nurture relationships. And
Dave Scott: and I think they I think they noticed it.
Chloe Lannert: Good. He like asked for connections with the right people, had the right rationale clean. Follow up like
Chloe Lannert: if you want to meet good people you like, Dave.
Dave Scott: A little, and also a little bit.
Chloe Lannert: A fun fact.
Dave Scott: During the 13 winks of tech stars I raised a half 1 million dollars.
Dave Scott: mentors and just everywhere, really, whoever I could talk to.
Chloe Lannert: I used to get rid of chest closed directly from the dramatics I've ever seen.
Dave Scott: Oh, wow, yeah.
Dave Scott: so I was relentless the entire time about trying to take advantage of every ounce of this program.
Dave Scott: And I'm just gonna give you guys some tips that they that I learned throughout the way it's gonna be very, very interactive session, that sound cool
Dave Scott: alright right on okay, so
Dave Scott: I, I enabled this, find your tribe and part of the reason why I do that is because.
Chloe Lannert: That.
Dave Scott: What I was seeking to do is to find other like minded people
Dave Scott: that can help me a lot with my journey.
Dave Scott: So my definition of a tribe is anyone who could relate to me. Other founders in my space mentors that were in my space
Dave Scott: invest
Dave Scott: that got what I was doing. People who know investors that got that like what I'm doing like, literally like, I tried to create as many tribes as possible. And and then each one of them was able to give me something back in return. So
Dave Scott: So mine is as Dave Scott. I'm with evil genius. Games, evil genius games just by way of
Dave Scott: of what we're doing is we create a gaming platform
Dave Scott: which allows anyone to build a game based off of famous movie IP, so we are
Dave Scott: 30 billion dollar business, 30 billion dollar market.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, yeah, is it.
Dave Scott: All right.
Dave Scott: How about you guys online? Can you hear me.
Meg Hall: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Your laptop
Dave Scott: Yeah, this is better. The echo went away.
Dave Scott: Do you want to do that?
Dave Scott: Totally.
Meg Hall: I mean, this sounds fine.
Dave Scott: Hello, Hello! Actually, it is. It is on.
Dave Scott: It is on.
Dave Scott: So hopefully, you guys should hear me. Okay, I'll try to speak louder.
Meg Hall: It sounds good to us.
Dave Scott: Alrighty. So so basically, we, we did 2 million dollars of revenue last year, 1.8 and we've raised 2.5 million dollars of money, so far from 33 people on our cap table.
Dave Scott: about a 3rd of our cap table were Vcs. And the other 2 thirds were angel investors
Dave Scott: of one shape or form
Dave Scott: of the the 11, or of the 11 or 12 Vcs. We also got scouting checks from series, a companies
Dave Scott: about 2 or 3 of those. So those are people who write checks more at the 10 million dollar range or whatever they like. What we were doing. They wrote a small check just so they can have pro rata rights going forward.
Dave Scott: Does that make sense?
Dave Scott: All right? So so you guys got to figure out where your tribe is. My tribe is gaming right? Any other gaming startup or gaming investor or gaming influencer?
Dave Scott: It is
Dave Scott: any B to C company. That's a broader tribe that I was working, that I was thinking through.
Dave Scott: Another one is Wharton grads. I went to Wharton, so like networking through my my Wharton grads, even my undergrad, I went to William Mary undergrad. I found connections through that
Dave Scott: so Wharton grads, you know, undergrad grad undergrad grads,
Dave Scott: game makers. So through this program was actually able to get to know the found, the creator of mortal Kombat
Dave Scott: which is like super random, but yet still not
Dave Scott: I ended up meeting the guy who created fortnite
Dave Scott: crazy, dude, crazy dude. But then he introduced me like 3 other people that then were like super useful. But like that's kind of how it rolls, which is like, even if they're not immediately an apparent. Oh, my God, those are my guys!
Dave Scott: That's funny.
Dave Scott: So that right there is. Hold on. Let me go. Route 2.
Dave Scott: So you can network, hey? If you ever see it live?
Dave Scott: Alright?
Dave Scott: Oh, my God, dangerous!
Dave Scott: Much request.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Dave Scott: You know.
Dave Scott: Part of this networking was. I met a guy who was in another techstars program, who happened to be a second time founder.
Dave Scott: and he had joined this club of what's called previously exited founders. So they're all people who already had a company before and exited out of it. And they're all like multimillionaires, if not billionaires. That guy runs the San Francisco chapter of the Pef organization
Dave Scott: which I found a bunch of investors through that. So he's he's in a he's meeting right now, but he said might stop by and introduce himself and talk about his journey. If you want
Dave Scott: talk about his situation in Pdf, because it's a sick organization.
Dave Scott: Yeah, wow, that's weird. That's super random.
Dave Scott: alrighty. So so from my perspective oops.
Dave Scott: So so I want you guys to sort of think about your tribe like, who's your tribe? And sort of what are the different ways? You can sort of slice and dice that tribe.
Dave Scott: And I'll take volunteers when you guys have an idea.
Dave Scott: Yeah, for sure.
Dave Scott: University and state from
Dave Scott: yeah. So so by the way, State, not so much state. But city is really important. Because.
Dave Scott: okay, so it's a little smaller. Yeah, so like people like. I found that the founders in Austin are like really close knit founders. And when you break into that category there's a whole ecosystem of investors that only invest in Austin based companies. And they're really, really loyal to their location. So I think that's a good one.
Dave Scott: And you didn't speak.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Dave Scott: and even culture, right? So there's a lot of black and brown founder organizations that I belong to. There's actually an organization for immigrants. So if you're an immigrant. Then there's just just Vc investors that only invest in immigrants.
Dave Scott: There's 1 that only invests in in Asian founders who are second generation. There's ones that only invest in 1st generation college. I mean, there's all sorts of really weird Vc Theses out there that you could sort of take advantage of whoever you might be, or whoever you might identify with.
Dave Scott: then those are all super useful.
Dave Scott: So, for example, in fundraising, you know, there are. I have a list of 100 diverse venture. Capital funds right? And so that will be a tribe I'm going to try to build is networking through that that particular
Dave Scott: affinity group cool anything else?
Dave Scott: Oh, I was gonna ask question of, like, how you break into these like organizations?
Dave Scott: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think. I think just through networking. You'll find someone who's in one of those groups, and they'll probably invite you because they're always desperate to grow. And then I think you go from there. So you know, I was just. I literally was talking to this ex tech stars, Guy, about the previously exit founders. And I said, How did you raise your round? He goes. Oh, my God! I just met this group
Dave Scott: that's like Super Random. They're on discord.
Dave Scott: They talk about their yachts all day. And I'm like, Can I get an invite? And he's like, Yeah.
Dave Scott: I just like discord. It's like the randomest group is so funny. But they're super cool.
Dave Scott: And I wish I was that rich a bot?
Dave Scott: So yeah, so think about it from the broadest perspective. And then why build a tribe. The whole reason is because I don't think that anyone could do what we're doing alone.
Dave Scott: And not only that, but like it's amazing on how many like treasure troves I uncover from the most random conversations which lead to the most random stuff that leads to whatever like I I ran into, like
Dave Scott: a friend of mine for Wharton I had talked to 20 years. She asked me what I was doing. I told her this. She goes, do you know Ed Zobrus and I go. No, she goes. Let me connect you. So she connected me to Ed. Zobrist. Turns out that he was the Cmo. Right games when they 1st launched.
Dave Scott: Fort fortnite!
Dave Scott: And so like. This guy's like a legend, right? But like it's just random like she happened to know him, and whatever. And then I actually flew down to La to speak to one of his classes. And you know, so it's just this weird how things get connected, which means super be. Have a super open mind, and don't be like attitudinal about who you talk to, because you never know what that next person is that they'll know
Dave Scott: another example. I talked to a random producer. That produces Jj. Abrams films right? And the guy absolutely had 0 interest at all in investing in my company. But then he was like, Well, what kind of license do you like me? And I said, Oh, man, anything cool, sci-fi, and he's like, well, I know the producer of Westworld, and I'm like I make a game out of Westworld. And so he just recommended me to the producers of Westworld. So now we're going to do a deal. So it's just, you never know kind of what's going on.
Dave Scott: And, in fact, I'll give you guys some ideas on how to deal with that in the future?
Dave Scott: So let's talk about ways to be able to build that group. Build your your networking. So the 1st one is the 1st one I took advantage of is techstars universe.
Dave Scott: So as soon as I got. Do you guys have your accounts yet
Dave Scott: soon as I got the counts I worked the hell out of this thing.
Dave Scott: Like it was my job.
Dave Scott: And so with techstars universe, as you guys know.
Dave Scott: You have this section called networking.
Dave Scott: and then it breaks it down networking company, entrepreneur investor.
Dave Scott: And so when you so this is me right here.
Dave Scott: But when you do a search you can filter by a bunch of stuff.
Dave Scott: And so what I 1st did is I filtered by
Dave Scott: what other companies were in cohorts right now that have the same thesis as I am, or work in the same space.
Dave Scott: And then I called them all.
Dave Scott: and every single one of them met with me, and we compared programs.
Dave Scott: Then I went in and said who everyone in the history of Neil's
Dave Scott: Neil's cohorts did gaming, and I called Bimo.
Dave Scott: And then I said, who in the entire networks universe does gaming, and I called them all so and you know, just learned a ton about how to make the best uses of this of the program. If they had investors, would they introduce me to their investors.
Dave Scott: You know. Is there a opportunity for us to collaborate on something the whole 9 yards? And I found myself meeting with amazing game developers from Japan, from Sweden, from all over the world. Just sort of thinking through all this stuff.
Dave Scott: And what was the intention going into it? Was it to meet investors, was it to meet
Dave Scott: make deals like when you got on the phone, like, what were you setting out to do? Yeah. So I always set a 15 min phone call. And it's literally just, hey.
Ankur Toshniwal: Breather.
Dave Scott: Cool. What am I doing like that? Was literally it. Like my whole objective for techstars. Universe was to figure out how to get the most out of the program. So the one question I asked everyone is.
Dave Scott: what did you do to get that? You found the most valuable thing that you did in the program. And and that's what I focused on. And then all the other stuff was subsequent to that right? So but for me it was initially about building rapport building relationship, creating commonalities. Ask them how they exploited the program the best they could, and then roll from there.
Dave Scott: But, like super literal. So just to.
Dave Scott: So you go from universe.
Dave Scott: Then, literally, how did you reach out to them like Linkedin email? Yeah. So what I love about universe is, and it's not for everything. But you click on this the company and then you click on a profile. And in the profile oh, this is a bad.
Ankur Toshniwal: That example and the profile.
Dave Scott: It literally has their email address.
Dave Scott: Here you go. So this right here is Sully at Fableai. It's just right here, literally, yeah.
Dave Scott: super easy or just like, Hi, I'm a current text or founder. Do you have 15 min to hop on the phone to talk about your experience? Exactly. Yeah. And in fact, I think I actually might even have that blurred.
Dave Scott: because I write out all my blurbs ahead of time.
Dave Scott: Techstars blurb.
Dave Scott: This is what I used probably too long.
Dave Scott: But I kind of laid it out.
Dave Scott: yeah. So I mean, I think it's a it's just a matter of of how you do it. If if that doesn't work that you could also use Linkedin.
Dave Scott: that's the other thing.
Dave Scott: so a lot of these guys. Sorry. Let me find this page. Okay, so a lot all of them have Linkedin on it, even if they don't have your email. So Linkedin's a good way to reach out. I do like the idea of keeping things short and simple. And these guys have a discord channel, so you can reach out via discord. So
Dave Scott: I just do every single way I could.
Dave Scott: Are you? We're getting asked me to have anything before sharing the
Dave Scott: sure. Yeah, yeah, I'm happy to play around with that?
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Dave Scott: on another level? Or.
Dave Scott: yeah, exactly. So I spend the time kind of screening them right? Like, have they raised money before? Are they raising money from good people? What other things do they do, or things that they have.
Dave Scott: that I can have right like? Oh, do you have a really good mentor. And then I'm like, Hey, like, Hey, you know, you talked about John, he said, was like a killer mentor like, do you mind making an intro for me, or you talked about your your lead investor in your cap table. It sounds like they write $500,000 checks
Dave Scott: for companies like ours. Do you mind making an intro? And I never got turned down?
Dave Scott: Yeah, yeah. So think about the ways that you're connecting. And then and then definitely do it. Ask sometimes you'll you just have nothing in common.
Dave Scott: and then it ends with, it's nice to meet you, you know. You have a great day, you know, a couple of companies I met that were out of business, or that I met that, you know, just were like in a completely different space. And then, somehow, they're miscategorized, or whatever. And it's just like, Hey, nice to meet you, man.
Dave Scott: thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Jump in.
Dave Scott: Hearing about it.
Dave Scott: Okay, so that's techstars. Universe,
Dave Scott: and so really great for finding current program goers
Dave Scott: really great for finding alumni, mentors and other. Oh, and the other place also is mentors.
Dave Scott: So you guys, have you guys gone through mentor madness? Yet you have okay? And so how many people do you connect with with Mentor madness? How many different mentors?
Dave Scott: 40. Okay. You know, there's 400 in the program.
Dave Scott: So how many of the 400. Have you reached out to you other than the 40? Why not?
Dave Scott: Oh, there's 16,000
Dave Scott: on the universe of mentors. Oh, my gosh! See, I didn't even know that. Yeah. But like, I should.
Dave Scott: just because just because they weren't assigned you to the program doesn't mean you can't reach out to them.
Dave Scott: And so I think over the course of the program. I think I met another half dozen mentors just randomly through either Chloe or whatever, and like 3 of them, invested me
Dave Scott: so but also keep going.
Dave Scott: Antoine sent me some verbals last name.
Dave Scott: I do remember these people. Yeah.
Dave Scott: yeah, so this is sort of the lookbook that we had during our mentorship, and then what we did is we we divided up, and each company was able to add notes and bios and information, so that we knew sort of what they were interested in. In addition to the information they already provided. So we created a whole spreadsheet. So we knew exactly who they were and stuff like that. And then we just attacked them.
Dave Scott: So I know these guys told you like you should be like Inch, you know. Introduce, introduce yourself before the mentorship program. Then you have the meeting. Then you gotta reply afterwards. But if I were. You ask every single one of them for a follow up call.
Dave Scott: Why not?
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Dave Scott: So, for example, Jan Kazera, he was one of my mentors not not much in common. We met each other in the social circles 3 or 4 more times, and then finally it clicked what I did, and he's now. He's introduced me now to 2 or 3 investors, because now he finally got that 30 min that I had with him he had no clue. What I was doing, and he had no reason to believe that he'd ever invest in my company or add value. And then, after he got to know me. He realized that there was some connectivity there.
Dave Scott: So I think just keeping those relationships and connectivity are huge is huge.
Dave Scott: Also other managing directors. So I actually went to a program and end up bumping into a managing director from Los Angeles. Yeah. And Matt is awesome. He was apparently Neil's mentor.
Dave Scott: and he actually sat down and and ripped through my Powerpoint presentation.
Dave Scott: You know, I actually ran into through my alumni organization. I ran into another techstars, part of the investment fund of techstars. He went to my same college, and he's now referring me to Vcs. So it's just random that I meet these people. But like I try to take advantage of every single human being I meet
Dave Scott: Linkedin's obviously huge. I you know it's funny. Neil kept talking about leveraging in Linkedin, and I was like, this is stupid like it's so much work. It's ridiculous. Blah blah blah
Dave Scott: but let me tell you why he was right. I was wrong.
Dave Scott: Couple things. Number one is
Dave Scott: really work on your linkedin profile.
Dave Scott: So if you guys come from a marketing background at all.
Dave Scott: do you guys know what SEO is?
Dave Scott: Yeah? So searching search engine optimization is the strategy of making sure that all the keywords people are searching on are in your search. Terms of your content of your page
Dave Scott: turns out that that's exactly how Linkedin Search works as well.
Dave Scott: So
Dave Scott: if you're an AI company, put AI in your in your title. See how weird long my title is. It's there for a purpose, because when people search for things, I show up
Dave Scott: if your tech stars along, put it in your title like this title can be unlimitedly long.
Dave Scott: And so think of it as sort of a computer search algorithm.
Dave Scott: Don't worry about readability of you and I, because this is how people are going to find you and do deals with you.
Dave Scott: even with every single one of my tools here of my experience actually say exactly what it is. Sas tabletop B, 2 C. Gaming. I'm hitting every single keyword that anyone could possibly search on for me. So I'm maximizing this for search engine optimization.
Dave Scott: And then when you go to my and then does everyone have a page.
Dave Scott: a Linkedin page. Cool Linkedin pages are huge. It's it's surprising how many investors look for this
Dave Scott: and then do their homework before us, or look for my crunch, crunch base page.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Dave Scott: Find their company page, and they're not sending files.
Dave Scott: Is there something?
Dave Scott: But I don't know.
Dave Scott: Oops.
Dave Scott: Yeah. It gives you an opportunity to control the narrative also because you get to control this page. But, like.
Dave Scott: you know this, I look pretty hot here, man, 11 to 50 employees. Is that right? I don't know.
Dave Scott: You know. Get my website in there, you know. The whole 9 yards.
Dave Scott: So yeah, so like, make sure this is on how many guys post to it on a weekly basis.
Dave Scott: Yeah, there you go. Nice. Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah. I mean, the more content, the better carrying your narrative. I don't do a great job of it honestly, but but I could do a better job every single time you get press you can link it to this, which is something I'm horrible at. But like, yeah, use this as sort of an opportunity to present your package to potential networkers that are rely on Linkedin to make decisions for you.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Dave Scott: yeah, yeah, I mean, so that's going to help grow your followership a lot. But then when you get to a real serious investor and they read it, and they find that that's what you're doing. It might shed a negative light.
Dave Scott: But it doesn't mean you don't have. You don't have to worry like you can still create quality posts quickly. AI does that like I'll be like, I want to write an article about this, and here are the 5 points I want to make, and they'll give me a halfway decent article like, and then you just massage, and you post it, man.
Dave Scott: So like there's lots of different ways. You can do this without having to worry about
Dave Scott: about doing shitty articles.
Dave Scott: In fact, I did once. That's so funny. So one of our cohort members and techstars.
Dave Scott: Hi, there is is a hey? How are you, hey? No problem.
Dave Scott: hey? I want to introduce you to everybody.
Dave Scott: This right here is the current cohort of techstars. San Francisco. Yeah. So Peter's a great friend of mine through the Pdf program which is previously exited founders.
Dave Scott: And it's been a real, wonderful network. Do you want to? Do you mind giving 15 seconds about what previous exit founders are, yeah, yeah. So basically, this is the biggest community of founders who had had a financial exit and are no longer involved in the day to day. And so our people were very nice, because when you get there, you know that it was smart for us.
Dave Scott: a lot of humanity, very, very weak retirement.
Dave Scott: I'm also you. I mean, I'm doing some training for you organization. Once your business gets a million revenue to get the kind of support personal also with peers. It's amazing product is that people are really so happy to help.
Dave Scott: When I reached out to some for some mentors when I ran mentorship, I thought 5 people
Dave Scott: I trouble like going through the list.
Dave Scott: So in terms of whatever you're building, by the way you can, you can connect
Dave Scott: with us with me. If there's some ways that we can support you in your journey connections, maybe investment, other stuff.
Dave Scott: Do you want to give 10 seconds on what your exit was, yeah. So 4 startups. 1, st 3 learning experiences.
Dave Scott: The last one was a Saas platform for car dealers.
Dave Scott: We have partners, you know, excel and market their cars
Dave Scott: exit, travel the world. Some reflections around here.
Dave Scott: Something is missing. You may get to that one
Dave Scott: right? You're on your business. But then, who am I?
Dave Scott: And then so travel the world a little bit, met some interesting people.
Dave Scott: And now, on the other side, having other founders inquire.
Dave Scott: basically, people who are trying to do a success.
Dave Scott: We're struggling with the next level.
Dave Scott: That's what they're missing. Something
Dave Scott: internationally.
Chloe Lannert: Organize events a lot of people are doing.
Dave Scott: Especially when there's like 1.6.
Chloe Lannert: People of our country in a group of 25, having ice cream.
Dave Scott: But I figured awesome.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, so what? Well, that's a quest. Do they have to.
Dave Scott: Permission to reach out you to with you via Linkedin. By all means, by all means
Dave Scott: ask anything. If you have a question that can help in some way with my resources or intro. Happy to do that! We have a cohort company who's
Dave Scott: very exciting because they're in the same business as your as your
Dave Scott: hey? Thank you so much, Peter.
Dave Scott: All right. See, there you are. That's the power of networking.
Dave Scott: So this guy puts coffees on all over the city once a week.
Dave Scott: Just pop in, have coffee. It's all investors and previously exited founders. Post exited founders.
Dave Scott: Good Guy, to know.
Dave Scott: So how funny! How funny!
Dave Scott: Alright!
Dave Scott: I know. So post. So so get your company profile page up, post and grow. And now searching networks. Now this is something that I actually, I actually learned here. And I was like, this is stupid. And then, now I'm like, Oh, it was not stupid! It was actually super valuable but this is my buddy, Michael Kim Michael Kim runs a fund to fund. So he runs an organization that funds Vcs
Dave Scott: and so this right here is the search function. I don't know if you guys, anyone's ever showed you how to use this yet you guys have
Dave Scott: totally use it.
Dave Scott: Okay? So the way I've done it is, it's a lot of work, because I go to all filters. I then go to venture capital and private equity, and then now I can see all the people he knows in venture. Capital.
Dave Scott: So this guy here, Larry Marcus, is a consumer. Vc. Wait. I know Larry Marcus
Dave Scott: for all of them.
Dave Scott: And and then take a look at it, and then what I can do then is, I can go, Michael.
Dave Scott: I know you know, Larry, I send him affordable saying, I know you know Larry. Larry would be great as an investor. My company, because of XY, and Z. Would you mind an introduction? And then I send affordable, he forwards it on.
Dave Scott: We've been going back and forth on this. It's so relevant.
Dave Scott: Sorry I'm doing it right now.
Dave Scott: Always, always, always, always. It's a someone said it was like a 6 or 7 x increased response rate.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I always do it, no matter what short and sweet.
Dave Scott: So I also spend 50 bucks a month for Linkedin Navigator. I don't know if you guys know, or like navigator
Dave Scott: what navigator allows you to do? What allows me to do is it allows me to send emails to people even when I'm not connected to them.
Dave Scott: and I I'm still debating whether or not that's a good thing or bad thing. But I went through a spurt during techstars just reaching out to a bunch of people through this, and I got like 20 responses from Vcs that asked for my
Dave Scott: ask for my pitch deck.
Dave Scott: So I thought it was broken. And then I realized, 2 months later I went in and said, Let me see what's going on. And everyone responded, I'm like, Oh, my God, I just totally abandoned this.
Dave Scott: this, this, this technology, and didn't even know.
Dave Scott: So it does work, you know, for cold calling. It works pretty well.
Dave Scott: Local events don't skip out on local events. You guys are all here. You could go to event every single day.
Dave Scott: Oh, you're really good at this
Dave Scott: but like I don't know who this person is. But somehow I got into her newsletter, Marianne Becker.
Dave Scott: So you guys are on Marianne's Newsletter.
Dave Scott: Oh, yeah, it's an email thread.
Dave Scott: like every single day like she has. She knows everything that's going on in the city. And every
Dave Scott: okay. Yeah.
Dave Scott: So like Monday, Wednesday, Thursday. This is the Giga party also Thursday
Dave Scott: also Thursday, like like there's like. Usually there's like 10, like like 3 or 4 events to choose from. And I just whenever I'm free, I just go to one of these events.
Dave Scott: And I love how you do events because you are so efficient.
Dave Scott: Yeah, yeah. So I'm the King of the Irish. Goodbye. I think you caught me leaving once
Dave Scott: only once, only once.
Dave Scott: I love dipping early.
Dave Scott: See who comes on and leaves
Dave Scott: because he doesn't want to hear the secret. He's like, I'm gonna go home with my kid.
Dave Scott: Yeah. So the advantage of going early is. You actually know who the the organizers are, because they're the only ones there at that point. In time you actually get to know them
Dave Scott: and you help them set up, or whatever, and as people come in, and no one else to talk to other than you.
Dave Scott: so you can meet every single person that comes in and have more one on one time than if you break in, and everyone's already in a conference. You know you've been there. You come in late. Everyone's already in the conversation. It's like you gotta awkwardly walk and go. Hey? What do you do?
Dave Scott: You don't have to do that. So what I do is I I ask them what they do.
Dave Scott: If it's relevant, then I'm like this is super cool. We should connect up, show my Linkedin badge we scan, and then I'm off to the next person.
Dave Scott: if it's not relevant. Same thing. Hey? Nice to meet you, good luck! And I leave if it's a Vc. Then I ask them, what are they investing in right now? If it's something that's interesting, that's similar to what I do, I'll actually pull them aside and get their email address. If it's not something relevant. I do. And this is something that's totally clutch. Oh, you know what I was part of the techstars program, and I have another fellow company that actually does what you guys are excited about. Can I make an introduction?
Dave Scott: It turns out that you build a lot of credibility with investors when you can give them deal flow.
Dave Scott: It's yeah. This is killer, like killer in North Carolina.
Dave Scott: Yeah. And then I just shoot a bunch of leads to my buddies
Dave Scott: per policy.
Dave Scott: Well, I kind of feel like they're actually they're self explanatory. So probably not gonna go to to women and invest women in AI,
Dave Scott: because I'm not an AI company nor a woman.
Dave Scott: this one could be okay. But they tell you right here. Climate energy, sustainable. AI enterprise journal tech. Literally. No gaming on this list. Probably not the right spot for me.
Dave Scott: This party. I don't even know what's going on here? Maybe.
Dave Scott: Yeah, this one I might go to, because it's generic enough.
Dave Scott: And then, like they, they have a promise of good food
Dave Scott: like, I love. The last event I went to last night. I literally pocketed all the Gary Deli chocolates.
Dave Scott: It was like dinner, so the last one I went to was this one. It was super weird, and I got I get in. I meet a bunch of people, and they're all not really related. But if they're remotely related as founders. What I'll do is, I'll actually say, listen. I think I've got a couple of investors that I've met with that really like to invest in you. Let's connect and let's trade leads.
Dave Scott: particularly if they already they already have a have already had fundraising. I'll say I'll trade one for one an introduction in one of your investors to an introduction of one of my investors.
Dave Scott: and usually they're like, I love it. Let's do it.
Dave Scott: Then I ended up chatting with this Vc. Who was like really, really excited about humanoid robots. And so I listened to him drone on about humanoid robots for about 20 min, and then he finally asked me what I did. He goes, oh, my God! I've got a buddy of mine that invests in exactly what you guys do? Can we connect? Got that guy's email?
Dave Scott: Then I grab my Ghirardelli's put in my pocket and then dips.
Dave Scott: So my whole goal is like, I try to make 3 meaningful in introductions meaningful meetings. And then that's enough for me, for any given event is to make 3 meaningful intros.
Dave Scott: That's great.
Dave Scott: Yeah. So this. So that this was last night. Guess who the Vc. Was that dude?
Dave Scott: So he already accepted my thing. Invite right? So check out Stanley Chang.
Dave Scott: cool PIN PIN Guy. So on and so forth.
Dave Scott: Partner at Silicon Valley Venture Fund. Don't know what that means.
Dave Scott: So then what I'll do is I'll send her a message.
Dave Scott: and I got like, Hey, Stanley.
Dave Scott: awesome to meet you last night.
Dave Scott: You said you had a friend, and Myspace would love move them.
Dave Scott: We should also connect.
Dave Scott: Here is my calendar, so I always offer my calendly just because
Dave Scott: You never know
Dave Scott: where's my calendar?
Dave Scott: Can you use the citizen on that
Dave Scott: never heard of it. Is it cool, weird?
Dave Scott: If you have this little thing of all the links that I use all the time
Dave Scott: sits on your screen.
Dave Scott: How do you find it?
Dave Scott: Just it's if you go to applications.
Dave Scott: it's in applications in 6 sticky.
Dave Scott: So then I just copy this thing over. Okay, thanks,
Dave Scott: and then hop. Hop on the Linkedin
Dave Scott: back on Linkedin, and like them.
Dave Scott: 15 min meeting. No obligation, no must, no fuss.
Dave Scott: There is. There is an invoice proportion. The less you write the bed, the greater chance they'll actually respond.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I leave.
Dave Scott: I'll be honest with you, like I think you can find gold out of any event, I'll give you an example. I went to a mansion party in Los Altos.
Dave Scott: There were like 9 dudes there. They forgot to buy drinks.
Dave Scott: and so like they were like, well, like like 1 1 person was like, Well, I think I've got like a kombucha in the fridge.
Dave Scott: It was just the worst situation you could ever imagine. Right?
Dave Scott: Yeah, it was like, it was like, just it was awkward and everything but then strolls in this guy who runs a a billion dollar
Dave Scott: runs a billion dollar family office that was that lives next door to this house
Dave Scott: Super random, so I got his number right.
Dave Scott: The rest of the conversations were horrible.
Dave Scott: so I spent like 30 min there. I got this guy's number. I called her to win, and then I left.
Dave Scott: So it was like 30 min, and it was raining, too. So
Dave Scott: but you know, 30 min out of my time. I just got I got a guy who runs a billion dollar aum family office.
Dave Scott: It's worth it. So I I don't think there's any negative unless you're in harm's way. I don't think there's any negative
Dave Scott: other than your time to doing some of this stuff.
Dave Scott: Do you call people after the event on the phone. Do you text them? Get their numbers?
Dave Scott: No. Well, typically, I try to grab their email addresses. It's very intimate to actually try to reach out them on the phone, and it happens very rarely they'll give you their phone number. So I apologize about that. That usually don't get usually don't get that.
Dave Scott: I'm super lazy like half the time I write it down. But I actually so like your sticky notes, I'm religious about notes. So everything goes in my notes folder. What I like about my notes folder is that it goes with me everywhere, so I can access the same notes here
Dave Scott: or here or on my ipad, and I don't have to worry about it. So I just jot down a note on here. And then, typically it follows me around
Dave Scott: 2 comments and a question for you. So 2 comments about to be tracking people, I have a Google sheet of people.
Dave Scott: The morning after the event, he'll send them a message on Linkedin wants to reach out to them. It's not like you disconnect some kind of connection there.
Dave Scott: It helps you remember what we're talking about. So like, Hey.
Dave Scott: yeah, here's the other cool tool that I created. So I met this guy named Jimmy Ku through an investor. Jimmy does not have any money to. Oh, man, I wish I had the money right now. It's not liquid. So I went on his Linkedin and I actually found all the people who I thought had money.
Dave Scott: And then I sent this list to him and said, Hey, the ones in yellow like, can you make intros for me, and he's he's he's doing it.
Dave Scott: So just just make lemon lemonade out of any kind of lemon you get.
Dave Scott: Honestly.
Dave Scott: No, there's no bad connection there.
Dave Scott: 17, that is.
Dave Scott: And he said.
Dave Scott: the ones in yellow, would you be open to making an intro? And if he says Yes, in fact. So what I do on this list
Dave Scott: is, I actually have a just a section here where he can actually type in yes or no.
Dave Scott: Most people don't do it. And then I then I create custom.
Dave Scott: I create custom forwardables for every single one of them.
Dave Scott: So if you see here for every single person that I found on Linkedin. I actually did research. I actually went to their website. I actually studied what their investment, who they invested in, whether or not they even write checks in my space the whole 9 yards. So it took me probably 15 min per one person on this list, so it took me 3 or 4 h to do this list, and then for the ones that I wanted to introduce me to, I sent them just those.
Dave Scott: and said, Are you willing to
Dave Scott: the ones that are, yeah, the the ones in yellow.
Dave Scott: It's a 15 min call. Man. Yeah, yeah, I keep a lot of rapport in 15 min.
Dave Scott: and and just be sure I did it right.
Dave Scott: Tell him, hey? I needed your connections.
Dave Scott: There's some of them I don't know.
Dave Scott: I'm sorry. Put that on the caller just in a follow up email.
Dave Scott: So it's funny is in this case, I forgot to do it. So I just shot him the email afterwards.
Dave Scott: But usually yeah, it would be kinder if you did it in the in the email rather than blasted him. But here's the crazy thing. So what Jimmy ended up doing last weekend is he got? He called me up in the middle of the weekend, and he goes. I'm happy to do it. Do you have a blurb and I go. I got a blurb, but it kind of sucks he goes. Send me everything. Then what he did. Check this out. He wrote my blurbs for me.
Dave Scott: So he actually wrote, look at this 6 different possible ways. I can reach out
Dave Scott: based on the information he collected about my company.
Dave Scott: And he's like, let's try them all. Let's just see which one sticks. Let's do a B split tests across each one of them.
Dave Scott: Okay, this is, go ahead.
Dave Scott: So that's kind of yeah. But you know, what's funny is is
Dave Scott: this has happened to me a dozen times where someone doesn't have the money to invest. But they like what you do, and they and they have friends.
Dave Scott: So they get right in the middle of it with you, and they start working on your behalf.
Dave Scott: and they don't ask for anything in return.
Dave Scott: Tried to get him invest to invest.
Dave Scott: Yeah, this is this is meeting him on Youtube on zoom after the fact.
Dave Scott: Yeah, yeah, thank you for typing. Yeah, yeah.
Dave Scott: So I know we're running out of time. And I, I even have a phone call I've got to make. But let's let's keep going.
Dave Scott: Has this helpful. By the way, you guys would forget all of it like, I forget, forget everything.
Dave Scott: So here's the tools that I use. So Linkedin, obviously, Linkedin Sales Navigator. Have you guys are ever heard of. Hunter. I think this is a product that you guys taught me about. Okay, have you guys ever heard of? Yam?
Dave Scott: Yam is awesome dude. Oh, my God, I'm addicted to yam.
Dave Scott: It's free. Yeah, it's 1,500 a week.
Dave Scott: No, 1,500 now.
Dave Scott: Yeah, yeah, I think so. Yeah, I've been using it all along. But all you gotta do is you got to create a list like this
Dave Scott: with 1st name, last name, and then the fund name
Dave Scott: and then you go into extensions and you do yet another mail merge, and then it finds an open draft of an email in your inbox. So right here all my open drafted emails.
Dave Scott: Sorry here, you know. So like here, genius tech lab.
Dave Scott: Remember, I told you about SEO tech stars alum 5 times. Founder B, 2 B Saas, 1.8 like, I lay everything out right like. So he opens the email. And then this is one of Jimmy's
Dave Scott: verbiages.
Dave Scott: and so it mail merges with it, which is, and it mail. It makes it look totally natural. So long as your data is good it'll look good right, you know, like you gotta have the 1st name. You gotta have whatever you can even add attachments to it
Dave Scott: like your deck like it's sick.
Dave Scott: and it looks like it's coming directly from you.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Dave Scott: So this is ridiculous. Okay, so what else can I show you? So we showed you the jimmy list.
Dave Scott: Oh, so also I. Whenever I create blurbs, I create hundreds and hundreds of blurbs. So like Jimmy, how Jimmy created 6 or 7 blurbs. This is the. This is the one I did before. So
Dave Scott: existing investor, Blurb, new outreach. Actually, one of my investors wrote this for me.
Dave Scott: a condensed version of what he wrote an enhanced version of what he wrote, Vcs that have passed
Dave Scott: post exit founders, email
Dave Scott: and then I actually do responses. So, for example, if a post exit founder turns me down.
Dave Scott: I send this thanks for the reply.
Dave Scott: as as you're part of the Pef group, then you've been in my shoes before any help I can get connecting to potential investors is critically important at this point in my journey. Can you think of one or 2 investors that are willing to invest in a strong B to C Sas business like my own.
Dave Scott: And it's amazing how many people respond and will actually make an intro for you.
Dave Scott: And this all works because David's in here which
Dave Scott: you're like, you're delightful now. But on
Dave Scott: you- you guys have minimum that seems like on and so on.
Dave Scott: And I'm an introvert.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I have 15 min of good material
Dave Scott: and then this is like, follow up Linkedin intros as well. So I just write everything down. I get them all done and then I just track like an A B split test everything that's going on.
Dave Scott: So no, we're still
Dave Scott: all spreadsheets. Man, like, yeah, I so like, I tried to like, customize hubspot and stuff like that. It's just it's a lot. I actually tried a product called Turbo Fund. I can't remember who introduced me to Turbo Fund.
Dave Scott: which is, oh, yeah, I think I think techstarts did. Actually, I think this is a tech starts company.
Dave Scott: So Turbofund, basically is exactly like techstars universe. So you can actually go in. You could. It'll search for investors based on your criteria, and then you could actually add them to your pipeline.
Dave Scott: Yeah, you select tulip adds to your pipeline. You could track them across the Crm.
Dave Scott: The only problem is, it's it's super buggy. And so I stopped using it because it kept losing my data.
Dave Scott: Yeah.
Dave Scott: So streak is another version like yam. The the problem with streak is it's hard. I keep losing the I keep losing the data.
Dave Scott: As well. It's it's it's more complicated
Dave Scott: specifically for selection. I can see, like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dave Scott: yeah. I mean, you see, here, I've got Streak right here.
Dave Scott: So. But I've tried it. I just haven't worked it.
Dave Scott: Let's see.
Dave Scott: Beautiful.
Dave Scott: Oh, you're not talking about streak the app. There's a Crm tool called Streak.
Dave Scott: It's a Gmail native.
Dave Scott: Oh, really.
Dave Scott: No, no, yeah, it's integrated into Gmail, right? Yeah. Streak that same one. But it's a 3rd party product.
Dave Scott: Yeah, yeah, that's the one I use. Right?
Dave Scott: Cool.
Dave Scott: Is that helpful folks?
Dave Scott: That's all. I got
Dave Scott: a pretty damn good. But how do you structure these conversations and networking events to be more purposeful
Dave Scott: to bounce, not being mercenary. Yeah, yeah, like this.
Dave Scott: Oh, hey, what's going on? Big. Nice to meet you, Andrew, what are you doing?
Dave Scott: We're kind of partners. We let teams, parallel platforms with web and document data. As you know. Code
Dave Scott: cool. That's our time.
Dave Scott: Everybody's money yet some friends and family and text, everyone. Oh, cool, nice.
Dave Scott: Well, good luck. But that's really it. Like, it's really just like and just trying to relate to them yesterday. And we chatted about San Francisco restaurants nearby.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I see exactly.
Dave Scott: It's a it's a good luck.
Dave Scott: Yeah. So it's usually the average sites. It's like, Hey, well, it's nice to meet you. I'm gonna grab a few other slice of pizza.
Dave Scott: or Oh, my God, that's all you gotta do. So what's nice about food and drink? Is it resets everything, and if there's no food or drink, it's you know what. I just got to hit the rest a little bit or phone call like there's there's always reasons for you to exit out of a meeting out of a conversation.
Dave Scott: Here's the other thing that I do is really super cool. It's like, Hey, hey, hey, Chris, anytime?
Dave Scott: Yeah. The handoff. Yeah, I should name that the handoff super useful.
Dave Scott: They're just connecting everyone with everybody. Yeah, that's right.
Dave Scott: Exactly.
Dave Scott: Yeah. So the connecting one's great.
Dave Scott: Yeah. Cause you're like, you know. Oh, I just talked to another guy who's actually doing something similar your space. Do you mind if I bring him over here.
Dave Scott: Go get them, introduce themselves.
Dave Scott: I leave Irish. Goodbye.
Dave Scott: So one thing I love doing, and also so like, let's say, I'm talking to you guys
Dave Scott: and some random dude is walking by because you can see people looking for a conversation. And there's just a certain percentage population that can't interact.
Dave Scott: And then look around here.
Dave Scott: And I said, Okay, oh, sorry. Nice to meet. You want to join our conversation. And then that person stops going on about. Okay, my name is Chris. And then it stops from talking. And there's a new thing.
Dave Scott: Yeah. So I try to be as inclusive as possible.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I'm gonna jump. But you guys know, you guys know how to find me, Chloe, I'm on base camp
Dave Scott: and I'm I'm just happy to help wherever I can guys no worries.
Dave Scott: People want legal outreach stuff.
Chloe Lannert: And ask for your contact information for Linkedin.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, Dave, at equal genius gaming.com.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Sorry about that. Sorry.
Chloe Lannert: Just need all this like sourcing.
Chloe Lannert: All right, I'm gonna make a phone call.